Meeting notes for first meeting (#25)
dotnet-foundation/wg-maintainers: Meetings/2021-11-01-meeting-minutes.md

# Maintainers' Meeting 2021-11-10

## Meeting Attendees

- Rob Prouse
- Mattias Karlsson
- Andrew White
- Calvin A. Allan
- Dan Siegel
- Dylan Perks
- Gary Ewan Park
- Glenn Watson
- James Newton-King
- James Turner
- Matthias Koch
- Nils Andresen
- Pascal Berger
- Simon Cropp
- Tanner Gooding
- Tony Qu
- Rob Mensching

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Daniel Valadas @valadas 
```

I think it could be nice to link to each member github profile as a basic contact point at least.

Also, I think the filename is wrong (it says the 1st but the text says the 10th for the date)

Reviewer 2: Agree maybe with delimiter

```diff
+ - Daniel Valadas - @valadas 
```

> - Rob Prouse
> - Mattias Karlsson
> - Andrew White
> - Calvin A. Allan
> - Dan Siegel
> - Dylan Perks
> - Gary Ewan Park
> - Glenn Watson
> - James Newton-King
> - James Turner
> - Matthias Koch
> - Nils Andresen
> - Pascal Berger
> - Simon Cropp
> - Tanner Gooding
> - Tony Qu
> - Rob Mensching
> - Daniel Valadas @valadas 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Rob Prouse - @rprouse
- Mattias Karlsson - @devlead
- Andrew White - @AndrewTriesToCode
- Calvin A. Allan - @CalvinAllen
- Dan Siegel - @dansiegel
- Dylan Perks - @Perksey
- Gary Ewan Park - @gep13
- Glenn Watson
- James Newton-King - @JamesNK
- James Turner - @Turnerj
- Matthias Koch - @matkoch
- Nils Andresen - @nils-a
- Pascal Berger - @pascalberger
- Simon Cropp - @SimonCropp
- Tanner Gooding - @tannergooding
- Tony Qu - @tonyqus
- Rob Mensching - @robmen
- Daniel Valadas - @valadas
```

- Issue template for proposals
- How does the community provide feedback, propose new policies and best practices?
- We need a consolidated database of project maintainers that we can reference for help between projects
- Create an area owners doc for project maintainership across the foundation. This would list skillsets of maintainers so that we can reach out to and help each other
- A chance for maintainers to interact and share information
- [Further ideas linked by Tanner](https://github.com/dotnet-foundation/Home/discussions/52#discussioncomment-1453758)
- Should not make decisions on behalf of all projects, should only provide feedback
- How do we communicate with all maintainers?
- How do we find reliable contacts for all projects?
- Maintainers need to feel that their thoughts and opinions are being heard from
- A go/no-go poll of maintainers for new project requirements and recommendations
- Documenting and educating maintainers on why policies are important
- [Library Guidance](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/standard/library-guidance/) was created by James. We could use as a basis of our best practices and expand?

> - Project committee does not onboard a project, that is a gap in support

Reviewer 4: Was this meant to be:

```suggestion
- Project committee only onboards a project, there is a gap in support
```

?

Author: That was intentional and surprised me too. One of the members of the project committee said that they recommend projects but are not currently helping onboard them!

Reviewer 4: Oh, interesting! Perhaps to clarify then:
```suggestion
- Project committee does not onboard a project, it only recommends which ones should be onboarded. That is a gap in support.
```
